Documents billing in Pomerium Zero (#1654)
pomerium/documentation: content/docs/zero/billing.md

---
title: Billing in Pomerium Zero
sidebar_label: Billing

> description: Learn how manage subscriptions and billing in Pomerium Zero.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to manage subscriptions and billing in Pomerium Zero.
```

The table below breaks down quotas by organization type:

| Entity | Personal account quota | Professional org quota |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Routes | 10 | 100 |
| Policies | 5 | 100 |
| Certificates (user uploaded) | 10 | 100 |
| Custom domains | 1 | 5 |
| Service accounts | 2 | 20 |
| API users | 2 | 1,000 |
| Clusters | 1 | 5 |
| Replicas | 3 | 5 (per cluster) |

User quotas differ also based on the organization type:

| User Type   | Personal account | Professional org |
| ----------- | ---------------- | ---------------- |
| Admin users | 1                | 20               |
| Users       | 10               | 1,000            |

:::note

See the [Pricing page](https://www.pomerium.com/pricing) for a thorough breakdown of features and quotas in Pomerium Zero.

:::

### Quota thresholds

At some point, you may require higher quotas to accommodate your use case.

If you’re using a professional account and you need to increase the quota for a given entity, [contact us](/docs/community). We will increase quotas on an as-needed basis.

If you’re using a personal account, you must upgrade to increase quotas.

## How billing works

> Pomerium charges your account monthly based on usage during a billing period. The billing period starts at the beginning of a calendar month and ends at the end of the month.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pomerium charges your account monthly based on usage during a billing period. The billing period starts the day you sign up and ends the same day the next month (or, if that's not not possible, the last day of the month closest to the anchor date).
```

Pomerium starts monitoring your usage when you upgrade and charges you for total usage at the end of the billing period.

### Usage

> When you upgrade, you can choose a monthly or annual rate:

Reviewer: We don't support annual.

Author: I removed the billing rates and kept $9 in the equation example.

:::

## Manage subscriptions

You can manage subscriptions in the Zero billing dashboard.

To get to the billing dashboard:

1. In the navigation bar, select the account avatar.
1. In the dropdown menu, select **Organization**.
1. In the **Organization Settings** page, select the **Billing** tab.
1. Select **Manage Subscription**.

From here, you can:

- [Upgrade your subscription](#upgrade-subscription) to a Business plan.
- [Downgrade your subscription](#downgrade-subscription) to a Free plan.
- Review your payment information and billing history.

### Upgrade subscription

When you upgrade your subscription from a Free plan to a Business plan, your account type is converted from a personal organization to a professional organization with professional quotas.

To upgrade your account in Pomerium Zero, you must exceed a quota. When you do, Pomerium presents a pay wall where you can choose to upgrade your subscription.

![Selecting a plan in the Pomerium Zero pay wall](./img/billing/zero-pay-wall.png)

Alternatively, you can upgrade your subscription on the [Pricing](https://www.pomerium.com/pricing) page.

> Upgrading does not replace your personal account. It creates an additional professional organization separate from your personal account.

Reviewer: All the existing clusters in the personal account will be moved to the professional account... not sure the best way to say that.

Author: For context reasons, I'm restating our conversation. We decided not to include this note about cluster migration form a personal account to a professional org account. The reason is that we limit personal accounts to 1 cluster. In my experience, my personal account retained the configuration and the new professional cluster was empty. This may be because my account was available before a lot of this functionality was merged, but I could be wrong.
